update(docs): update repo/website cross referencing for rules (#1082)
falcosecurity/falco-website: content/en/docs/rules/versioning.md

### Falco Engine Versioning

> The `falco` executable and the `falco_engine` C++ object now support returning a version number. The initial version is 2 (implying that prior versions were 1). We will increment this version any time we make an incompatible change to the rules file format or add new filtercheck fields/operators to Falco. You can check the Falco engine version that your installation supports by running `falco --version`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `falco` executable and the `falco_engine` C++ object now supports returning a version number. The initial version is 2 (implying that prior versions were 1). We will increment this version whenever we make an incompatible change to the rules file format or add new filtercheck fields/operators to Falco. You can check the Falco engine version that your installation supports by running `falco --version`.
```
Should "filtercheck" be in a code fence like the command? (is it, or does it need to be in the glossary?)

Author: Great point, I'll update and remove the "filtercheck" wording from here because it's not the right place.

Author: Done!
